doc/notes.md, before:

# TODO

- manual testing

- edit the notes for reviewers

- refactor thingies/interactions, etc.
  - ubiquitous language from the requirements
    - carry, carried, carriable vs drag/interact
    - cubes/balls vs thingies?
    - spawn/eat

- Dependency Injection

- Unit Tests

- Go Far and Beyond
  - UI look & feel
  - particles
  - sfx
  - gfx

# What could be done better

- search the solution for:
  - "// NOTE:"
  - "// TODO:"

- data binding using eg. Peppermint DataBinding asset for items, collections, etc.
- separate models for item configs and view models for binding

- git - go quick

- placement
  - projecting to the floor
  - off-ground
  - on-ground
  - translation constraint (XZ plane)

# Non-func requirements

  - Solution reliability, no bugs in scenarios described above
  - Architecture approach - don’t worry about over-engineering too much - we would like to see how you approach a real project. If you think you can make something better, but you don’t have time for it - tell us about it during the interview.
  - Code readability; (? comments ?)
  - Usage of Zenject or other Dependency Injection framework (not obligatory, but nice to have)
  - Unit tests will be a nice addition

Commit message:

More ubiquitous language. Smaller refactorings. Comments.

doc/notes.md, after:

# TODO

- refactor thingies/interactions, etc.
  - ubiquitous language from the requirements
    - carry, carried, carriable vs drag/interact
    - cubes/balls vs thingies?
    - spawn/eat
  - services, managers - scene, interfaces

- Dependency Injection

- Unit Tests

- edit the notes for reviewers

- manual testing

- ?? Each item in the asset should be defined as a title and a content asset.

- Go Far and Beyond
  - UI look & feel
  - particles
  - sfx
  - gfx

# Ubiquitous language

placeable cubes
placeable thingy?
spawn
carry, carried, carrying

# What could be done better

- search the solution for:
  - "// NOTE:"
  - "// TODO:"

- data binding using eg. Peppermint DataBinding asset for items, collections, etc.
- separate models for item configs and view models for binding

- git - go quick

- placement
  - projecting to the floor
  - off-ground
  - on-ground
  - translation constraint (XZ plane)

# Non-func requirements

  - Solution reliability, no bugs in scenarios described above
  - Architecture approach - don’t worry about over-engineering too much - we would like to see how you approach a real project. If you think you can make something better, but you don’t have time for it - tell us about it during the interview.
  - Code readability; (? comments ?)
  - Usage of Zenject or other Dependency Injection framework (not obligatory, but nice to have)
  - Unit tests will be a nice addition
